Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#362)
exadg/exadg: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to ExaDG
We are happy that you wish to contribute to ExaDG. 

> Here you will find some useful information you need before you start developing. 

Reviewer: "Here you will find some useful information you need before you start developing. "

suggestion for alternative formulation: "Below, you find information explaining how to contribute to ExaDG."

## Getting started

> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Make sure you have read our [README.md](https://github.com/exadg/exadg/blob/057d6c8ea7c6cb273d98ae4b5edb197cf03aaffe/README.md) to understand what ExaDG is and how we want to maintain the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure you have read our [README.md](https://github.com/exadg/exadg/#readme) to understand what ExaDG is and how we want to maintain the project.
```

> Make sure you have read our [README.md](https://github.com/exadg/exadg/blob/057d6c8ea7c6cb273d98ae4b5edb197cf03aaffe/README.md) to understand what ExaDG is and how we want to maintain the project.

Reviewer: I would formulate this a bit less offensive, e.g. "Please read our readme for general information on ExaDG and how we ..."

> In [our wiki](https://github.com/exadg/exadg/wiki), you can find out how to install ExaDG and setup your development environment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In [our wiki](https://github.com/exadg/exadg/wiki), you can find out how to install ExaDG and set up your development environment.
```

> You should also check out [our wiki](https://github.com/exadg/exadg/wiki), where you can find out how to install ExaDG and setup your development environment.

Reviewer: "In our wiki, you can find information how to install ..."

## Working with issues
---
For any ideas, questions, or points that you want to discuss, please create an issue on GitHub.
Typical topics for an issue are for example _bug reports_ and _enhancements_.
Issues enable to communicate and work effectively as a community.
It is best if you create an issue _before_ working on a new task so that we make sure your efforts are in the best interest of everyone which will allow you to work more efficiently.
Provide the necessary information others need to easily understand what the issue is dealing with.
If the issue is related to other issues or PRs in any way, you can also mention these.
Some keywords that describe these relations are _part of_, _follows_, _blocks_, _blocked by_, _closes_, etc. 

## Making changes
---
To make changes to ExaDG, we use the Fork-and-Branch workflow.
If you are not familiar with this concept, you can find a nice explanation [here](https://blog.scottlowe.org/2015/01/27/using-fork-branch-git-workflow/).
At the end, you will open a pull request (PR), which will give a chance for others to look at and review your changes.
Before you open a PR, please make sure that

>  1. your changes adhere to [our coding conventions](https://github.com/exadg/exadg/wiki/Coding-conventions), including indentation rules,

Reviewer 2: This reminds me that we don't have a description how get the indentation script and we wanted to update the version of `clang-format`.

 2. there are no build errors or warnings,
 3. all tests pass, see [running tests with ExaDG](https://github.com/exadg/exadg/wiki/Running-tests),

>  4. ...**??**

Reviewer 2: What about proper doxygen docu?

   
We would also appreciate if you write tests for the code part that you want to contribute.
This will not only make sure that your implementation is correct now, but also make sure that future changes by you or other contributors do not break the code.

### PRs and the Review Process
When opening a PR, you should write a descriptive message on the changes introduced that it proposes.

> A PR on GitHub can either be in a draft state or ready for review. Once you mark your PR ready, other community members (especially principal developers)**(??Asking for reviews, assigning reviewers??)** will review your changes and might ask questions and call for modifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A PR on GitHub can either be in a draft state or ready for review. Once you mark your PR ready, other community members will review your changes and might ask questions and call for modifications. Feel free to assign reviewers you think are most familiar with the relevant modified code and the with the topic. This does not mean that other persons are not allowed to review the code as well. PRs can only merged by the principal developers (a full and up-to-date list is given in https://github.com/exadg/exadg/#authors).
```

Reviewer: I would slightly reformulate this in order to avoid multiple negations: "This does not mean that other persons are not allowed to review the code as well. PRs can only merged by the principal developers (a full and up-to-date list is given in https://github.com/exadg/exadg/#authors)"
->
"While PRs can only merged by the principal developers (a full and up-to-date list is given in https://github.com/exadg/exadg/#authors), everyone is invited to review code and contribute to the discussions."

Please remember that everybody wants the best for the project, so feel free to express your own ideas and to respect those of the reviewers.

> **(??Resolving conversations??)**

Reviewer 2: In my option, the reviewer should be the person who closes the discussions. Also, I would suggest that squashing should only be done at the end. As a reviewer, it is the easiest to only have to check the recent commits since the last review. MFEM has a nice warning that reminds that the PR is under review and you should not squash.

Reviewer: Conversations should in general be resolved by the reviewer in my opinion. It is a good idea to mention this here.

e.g.
"Once you addressed changes requested by code reviewers, the reviewers will check your changes again and finally resolve open conversations."

If you've made modifications in the review process, make sure you squash and reword commits appropriately.

> Nice and descriptive commit messages are always appreciated, which for example link to specific issues they relate to.

Reviewer: I am not sure whether to write this here. I agree with @peterrum to do squashing only in the end. However, I am not sure to which extent we should really enforce this. Potential contributors should not get afraid that their git skills might not be sufficient to contribute to the project. So my personal feeling is to request such changes more implicitly on a case-by-case basis and get some experience how this works.

Author: What about the second sentence here? Is that alright?
